<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub UDT _bookmark _target?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="AuthoringGuidelines">
 <title>Writing Concept Topics</title>
 <conbody>
    <p>Concept topics are open-ended, with no required structure. After you have given your topic a
      title and optional short description and completed the prolog, you can include any combination
      of block and inline elements in any order and nested as needed within smaller sections. As you
      write, keep in mind the following guidelines: </p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_x4k_hgc_vg">
        <li>A concept topic should address one complete idea. In many cases, it makes sense to
          divide a large subject into many smaller topics, with related links. However, avoid
          transitional language that assumes readers are coming from one topic to another.</li>
        <li>Use minimalist writing techniques to create content that users can easily and quickly
          understand. </li>
        <li>Start with general information and gradually add more detailed information.</li>
        <li>Write most conceptual information in paragraphs and unordered lists. <note>When using an
            ordered list in a concept, ensure you are not writing a task. Ordered lists in concept
            information typically relate to descriptions of processes in which the user is not the
            primary actor.</note></li>
        <li>To allow for as much reuse as possible, avoid transitional words that tie content
          between paragraphs (for example, "therefore", "furthermore", "as a result", and so
          on).</li>
        <li>Use graphics instead of words wherever possible and include a well-titled caption. Be
          careful that the image clarifies rather than confuses.</li>
        <li>Do not start a concept topic with a section. If you will be including sections, always
          start with an introductory paragraph. This can be the short description if you have
          included one.</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <section>
      <title>Dividing a Concept Topic into Sections</title>
      <p>If the concept you are writing is long and complex, break the topic into sections, each
        with its own title. Keep in mind the following:<ul id="ul_pkv_nhc_vg">
          <li>All sections must have a &lt;title> element. Do not start a concept topic with a
            section. If you start your concept with a titled &lt;section>, you will have "stacked"
            headings: the title of the topic will immediately be followed by the first section
            title, with no text in between.<draft-comment>This may change depending on titling rules
              established for the company.</draft-comment></li>
          <li>If the individual sections are long or can stand alone without the context of the
            other information, consider creating multiple concept topics rather than sections within
            one concept. You can create a small map file to tie all the individual topics together
            into one reusable unit.</li>
          <li>Do not include only one section within the topic. If you need only one section, you
            can likely write the topic so that the material flows from the introductory part of the
            topic without a section division.</li>
        </ul></p>
      <p>Do not use sections as a way to control the overall structure of a document; for example,
        to avoid having a section title in a table of contents. It is better to control the
        structure through the map. Remember, due to reuse, you cannot guarantee that a specific
        topic with its sections will always appear at the same level in every document. In some
        situations, you might want the sections to appear in the table of contents.</p>
    </section>
    <section><title>Including examples</title>The &lt;example> element is a special type of section
      used to provide a context that might help users understand the concept. It might include
      drawings, diagrams, specific scenarios, or any other representation of the concept you are
      explaining. When creating examples, keep in mind the following:<ul id="ul_5yh_pqc_vg">
        <li>Unlike with a &lt;section>, the &lt;title> element within an &lt;example> is
          optional.</li>
        <li>Include only one example per &lt;example> element.</li>
        <li>Try to include examples that will apply to a wide range of users. </li>
      </ul></section>
  </conbody>
</concept>
