<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="CommonContentOverview">
	<title>Reusing Topics and Maps</title>
	<conbody>
		<p>The simplest form of reuse is simply using maps or topics exactly as they were created
			the first time in a new map or publication. For example:<ul id="ul_rml_gyf_yh">
				<li>Publishing the same map for more than one output type, such as PDF and help
					files. The content itself does not change, only the output format.</li>
				<li>Including corporate legal notices, trademarks, safety information, and standard front
					matter. These topics have frequently gone through a rigorous corporate approval
					process and should not be changed. You will simply reference them from each
					publication map that you create.</li>
				<li>Including topics that apply to multiple audiences, products, or versions in different manual types.
					For example, although specific requirements do differ across various products,
					all users might require background information on the same conceptual
					information before they begin learning the specific details of their product.
					Such concept topics can be written once and referenced from different
					publication maps.</li>
			</ul></p>
		<p>When reusing topics or maps, make sure to update metadata to include information about
			the new contexts. Your CMS will track all locations where a topic is reused; however,
			you should still update information such as audience, platform, and product if you are
			extending the use of the topic.</p>
		<p>If a topic cannot be reused exactly as is, it's possible you might be able to make revisions to
			extend its use. Be sure to check where else the topic is used and consider the
			implications of your change in these other contexts. If the changes do not apply in all
			situations, consider how you might use the other reuse mechanisms to accommodate every
			situation.</p>
		
		
	</conbody>
</concept> <?Pub *0000000370 0?>
