<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="Lists">
  <title>Creating Lists</title>
  <conbody>
    <p>Lists can assist users in scanning for and locating information quickly. When written
      correctly, they present information in a logical order, in small, easily understood pieces.
      When writing lists, keep in mind the following guidelines:</p>
    <ul id="ul_ecg_tfs_j4">
      <li>Write lists in a parallel structure. For example, if one list item starts with a verb,
        make all list items do so; if one list item is a complete sentence, make all items complete
        sentences.</li>
      <li>Include all common information from the list items in the introductory sentence to avoid
        repetition.</li>
      <li>If the introductory sentence ends with a colon in anticipation of the list to come, do not
        close the paragraph element before starting the list. In this case, the list is part of the
        preceding paragraph.</li>
      <li>If the list is not logically part of the preceding paragraph, close the paragraph element
        before beginning the list. The paragraph should end with a period, and all list items should
        also be complete sentences.</li>
      <li>Use complete sentences to introduce the list. Do not make the sentence grammatically
        dependent on the list items by completing the sentence with them.<note>Do not introduce
          lists within prerequisite sections at all. The headings are enough for the user to
          understand the purpose of the list.</note></li>
      <li>Do not create single-item lists, except in prerequisite sections. See <xref
          href="c_TaskAuthoringGuidelines.dita#AuthoringGuidelines/section_l1k_222_q4"/>.</li>
      <li>Unless the list appears in a reference topic, try to limit the number of items to fewer
        than nine.</li>
    </ul>
    <section>
      <title>Choosing the Appropriate List Type</title>
      <p><keyword keyref="companyname"/> uses three list types. Choose the list type based on the type of content
        it contains, not the way that you think it will be formatted:<ul id="ul_pk5_dy2_yg">
          <li>Use an <term>unordered list</term> when the sequence of items in the list is not
            relevant. The items will be formatted with bullets.</li>
          <li>Use an <term>ordered list</term> when the sequence of items is important. The items
            will be formatted with numbers.</li>
          <li>Use a <term>definition list </term>when defining or comparing a series of items.
            Although you might also choose to use a two-column table, use a definition list when you
            have a two-part structure made up of a term or short phrase followed by a longer
            explanation of the term or phrase. </li>
        </ul><draft-comment>IF company allows simple list (outside of figure callouts) or parml,
          include them in this list as well and add corresponding sections to this
          document.</draft-comment></p><p>You do not need to use any list element if you have a list of three or less, single-word
        items.<codeblock>&lt;p><keyword keyref="companyname"/> uses three list types: unordered, ordered, and definition.&lt;/p></codeblock></p>
    </section>

    <section>
      <title>Writing Unordered Lists</title>
      <p>An unordered list begins with a &lt;ul> element and contains any number of nested &lt;li> elements:<dl>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>&lt;ul&gt; unordered list</dt>
            <dd><indexterm>unordered lists &lt;ul></indexterm>Start an unordered list with the
              &lt;ul&gt; element. This element is the container for all unordered list items; it
              does not contain any text itself.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>&lt;li&gt; list item</dt>
            <dd><indexterm>list item &lt;li></indexterm>Use an &lt;li&gt; element for each item in
              the list; there is no limit to the number of list items you can include. You can nest
              other block elements, such as paragraphs and notes within the &lt;li&gt; element, but
              their use should be limited.</dd>
          </dlentry>
        </dl></p>
      <p>When writing unordered lists, follow these guidelines:<ul id="ul_wlq_w1l_yg">
          <li>In general, list items in an unordered list should be short so that the list is
            scannable. If you find that you are including more than two sentences in your list
            items, consider if the information would be better included in another way.</li>
          <li>Arrange the list items in a logical way, such as alphabetically. If necessary, provide
            an introductory explanation about how the list is organized. </li>
          <li>Indicate how the list items relate to each other; for example, are they mutually
            exclusive items, where only one can be true at a time, or can more than one or all apply
            to the situation.</li>
          <li>Ensure that it is clear whether the list is comprehensive, showing all available
            options, or only a subset of the possibilities. For example, the words "including" or
            "such as" imply the list is not complete, while the words "if applicable" imply the list
            may contain more items than apply to the user's specific situation.</li>
        </ul></p>
      
        <codeblock scale="80"><draft-comment>Include example from company content</draft-comment></codeblock>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Writing Ordered Lists</title>
      <p>An ordered list begins with an &lt;ol> element and contains any number of nested &lt;li>
        elements:<dl>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>&lt;ol&gt; ordered list</dt>
            <dd><indexterm>ordered lists &lt;ol></indexterm>Start an ordered list with the &lt;ol&gt;
              element. This element is the container for all ordered list items; it does not contain
              any text itself.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>&lt;li&gt; list item</dt>
            <dd><indexterm>list item &lt;li></indexterm>Use an &lt;li&gt; element for each item in the
              list; there is no limit to the number of list items you can include. You can nest other
              block elements, such as paragraphs and notes within the &lt;li&gt; element, but their
              use should be limited.</dd>
          </dlentry>
        </dl></p>
      <p>When writing ordered lists, follow these guidelines:<ul id="ul_whx_2bl_yg">
          <li>Do not use an ordered list to document task steps within a concept or reference topic.
            Instead, use a task topic and &lt;step> elements.</li>
          <li>Avoid using imperative verbs in ordered lists. The use of an imperative verb implies
            you are documenting a task, and you should be using a task topic instead of an ordered
            list.</li>
          <li>Use ordered lists to document processes; make sure it is clear who the actor is in
            each step.</li>
          <li>Do not use an ordered list when the stem sentence refers to the specific number of
            items in the list. Only use the ordered list if the sequence or priority is
            important.</li>
        </ul></p>
      <codeblock scale="80"><draft-comment>include example from company content</draft-comment></codeblock>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Writing Definition Lists</title>
      <p>A definition list begins with a &lt;dl> element and contains any number of nested
        &lt;dlentry> pairs, consisting of a &lt;dt> element and a &lt;dd>
          element:<draft-comment>Most companies have no need of dlhead, dthd, and ddhd. If needed,
          add descriptions to this list.</draft-comment><dl>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>&lt;dl&gt; definition list</dt>
            <dd><indexterm>definition lists &lt;dl></indexterm>Start a definition list with a
              &lt;dl> element. This element is the container for all elements in a definition list;
              it does not contain any text itself.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <!--<dlentry>
          <dt>&lt;dlhead&gt; definition list head</dt>
          <dd><indexterm>definition list head &lt;dlhead></indexterm>If you want to include term and
            description column headings, nest a &lt;dlhead&gt; element at the beginning of the
            definition list. This element is the container element for term and description column
            headings. It is optional and can be used only once in a definition list. </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>&lt;dthd&gt; term head</dt>
          <dd><indexterm>definition list term head &lt;dthd></indexterm>Nest a &lt;dthd&gt; element
            within the &lt;dlhead> element to specify a term column head for the definition list.
            You can enter only one &lt;dthd> within the &lt;dlhead> element, and it must precede the
            &lt;ddhd> if present. A term head is not required.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>&lt;ddhd&gt; description head</dt>
          <dd><indexterm>definition list description head &lt;ddhd></indexterm>Nest a &lt;ddhd&gt;
            within the &lt;dlhead> element to specify a description column head for the definition
            list. You can enter only one &lt;ddhd&gt; element within the &lt;dlhead&gt; element. A
            description head is not required.</dd>
        </dlentry>-->
          <dlentry>
            <dt>&lt;dlentry&gt; definition list entry</dt>
            <dd><indexterm>definition list entry &lt;dlentry></indexterm>Use the &lt;dlentry&gt;
              element in the &lt;dl&gt; element as a container for each term and definition pair.
              Insert a separate &lt;dlentry&gt; element each time you introduce a new pair. </dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>&lt;dt&gt; definition term</dt>
            <dd><indexterm>definition list term &lt;dt></indexterm>Nest a &lt;dt&gt; element within
              a &lt;dlentry> to identify the word or phrase to be defined. If multiple terms share
              the same definition, you can add multiple &lt;dt&gt; elements within a single
              &lt;dlentry&gt; element. The &lt;dt> element must precede the &lt;dd> element within
              each &lt;dlentry>.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>&lt;dd&gt; definition description</dt>
            <dd><indexterm>definition list description &lt;dd></indexterm>Nest a &lt;dd&gt; element
              within a &lt;dlentry> to provide the definition for the corresponding term. If a term
              has multiple definitions, you can add multiple &lt;dd&gt; elements within a single
              &lt;dlentry&gt; element. You can include any common block elements, such as paragraphs
              or other list types, within the &lt;dd&gt; element.</dd>
          </dlentry>
        </dl></p>
    
      <p>When writing definition lists, following these guidelines:<ul id="ul_yc5_pvm_yg">
          <li>Do not use a &lt;dl> as a way of nesting "sections" in &lt;section> elements. If you
            require more than two heading levels within the topic (the topic heading and section
            title), you should split the topic into multiple subtopics.</li>
          <li>Do not use a definition list to create a glossary. Glossary entries are created with a
            special information type.<draft-comment>If company is not using glossentry, remove this
              bullet.</draft-comment></li>
        </ul></p>
      <codeblock scale="80"><draft-comment>include example from company content</draft-comment></codeblock></section>
    <section>
      <title>Nesting Lists</title>
      <p>To create sub-lists, nest list elements in other list elements. <keyword
          keyref="companyname"/> allows you to nest up to two levels of lists, and you can nest any
        type list in any other type list. Be aware, however, that nesting more than one level of
        list elements can make the list more difficult for users to understand. </p>
      <codeblock scale="80"><draft-comment>Include example from company content</draft-comment></codeblock>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Reusing List Items</title>
      <p>To allow for the possibility of reusing list items in other locations, follow these guidelines:<ul>
          <li>Do not insert a list in the middle of a sentence.</li>
          <li>Do not write list items to complete an introductory sentence. </li>
          <li>Include closing punctuation on list items only if all items in the list are complete
            sentences. This maximizes reuse potential when the context of a list item is not
            known.</li>
          <li>You can nest block elements, such as paragraphs and notes in list items, but limit
            their use to keep the list as simple, reusable, and scannable as possible.</li>
          <li>Capitalize the first word in each list item, unless the word should never be
            capitalized such as a list of commands.</li>
          <li>When including a list in a collection file, give each list item a unique ID so that
            each can be referenced separately as needed. See <xref
              href="c_CollectionFiles.dita#concept_vtz_r2q_xh"/> for more information on using
            collection files.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>
