<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="select-atts" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>Display Attributes</title>
 <refbody><section><draft-comment>It's possible the company will not allow/use any of these attributes and the whole
    topic be eliminated. </draft-comment></section>
 <table>
   <desc>Display attributes affect the way in which an element is rendered in your final
    output.</desc>
   <tgroup cols="4">
    <?PubTbl tgroup dispwid="806.00px"?>
    <colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*"/>
    <colspec colname="col2" colwidth="4*"/>
    <colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*"/>
    <colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*"/>
    <thead>
     <row>
      <entry valign="top">Name</entry>
      <entry valign="top">Description</entry>
      <entry valign="top">Available Values</entry>
      <entry valign="top">Required</entry>
     </row>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
     
     <row>
      <entry><i>frame</i></entry>
      <entry><indexterm>frame attribute</indexterm>Specifies if a border should surround the element
       and on what sides.<draft-comment>Not typically allowed by most
       companies.</draft-comment></entry>
      <entry>top | bottom | topbot | all | sides | none</entry>
      <entry>No</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry><i>scale</i></entry>
      <entry><indexterm>scale attribute</indexterm>Specifies a percentage used to resize fonts or
       images in proportion to their normal size. This attribute is used primarily for print
       outputs. As a best practice, resize images within the source file rather than relying on this
        attribute.<draft-comment>Not typically allowed by most companies.</draft-comment></entry>
      <entry>50 | 60 | 70 | 80 | 90 | 100 | 110 | 120 | 140 | 160 | 180 | 200</entry>
      <entry>No</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry><i>outputclass</i></entry>
      <entry><indexterm>outputclass attribute</indexterm>Specifies that a special styling be used
       during output processing. <draft-comment>List and describe all outputclasses used by this
        company. Include the name of the outputclass, the element it can be used on, and the
        result.</draft-comment></entry>
      <entry/>
      <entry>No</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry><i>rev</i></entry>
      <entry><indexterm>rev attribute</indexterm>Indicates a specific revision level or tracks a
       change to a specific change request or problem report. In addition to allowing you to
       generate reports that show all changes in the entire repository that are related to a
       specific change request or problem report, this attribute can also be used to flag changes in
       the final output so that readers can easily scan for changes to the last version; for
       example, all new and changed content added since the last release might be formatted with
       change bars.<p>Define the value of the attribute as the version and release of the product;
        for example <codeph>rev="v1.r1"</codeph>. When users view topics that contain flagged
        content, they have the option to select a specific revision number and see the changes for
        that revision highlighted within the topic.<note>Do not use the <i>@rev</i> attribute for
         minor changes such as editorial issues that are unrelated to a change in the
         product.</note></p></entry>
      <entry/>
      <entry>No</entry>
     </row>
     
    </tbody>
   </tgroup>
  </table>
 </refbody>
</reference>
