<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub UDT _bookmark _target?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="InformationTypes">
 <title>Information Types</title>
 <conbody>
  <p><keyword keyref="companyname"/> categorizes content into five information types:<dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Tasks</dt>
          <dd>Provide procedural information, typically providing step-by-step instructions for
            accomplishing a goal. A task typically answers a "How Do I..." question.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Troubleshooting Topics</dt>
          <dd>Provide strategies for isolating and solving potential problems end users might
            encounter using <keyword keyref="companyname"/> products. A troubleshooting topic
            typically answers a "How Do I Identify and Resolve..." question.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Concepts</dt>
          <dd>Provide overview and background information that helps end users understand essential
            information about a product, interface, or task. A concept topic typically answers a
            "What is..." question. Conceptual information is read once or twice to provide the
            necessary background information required to complete a task.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>References</dt>
          <dd>Provide "look-up" information that end users might need to refer to when completing a
            task. A reference topic may answer questions like "How Much...", "How Many...", or "What
            Form..." It is intended to be referred to frequently, as-needed, perhaps while an end
            user is completing a task. </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Glossary Terms</dt>
          <dd>Provide definitions of terms and acronyms used within the <keyword
              keyref="companyname"/> documentation. </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <!--<dlentry>
          <dt>Learning overviews</dt>
          <dd>Provide essential introductory information about a <keyword keyref="companyname"/>
            lesson or course</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Learning assessments</dt>
          <dd>Provide questions that help instructors evaluate whether or not students have met the
            objectives of a training course</dd>
        </dlentry>-->
      </dl>All content must be placed into topics that are based on one of these basic information
      types. As you work, take care not to mix information types within a single topic file. You can
      always combine topics by placing them in relation to each other in a DITA map.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
