<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="Maps">
  <title>Map Elements</title>
  <conbody>
    <section>
      <p><indexterm>map &lt;map></indexterm>Nest the following items in the &lt;map> base element when creating a map.</p>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>&lt;title>title</dt>
          <dd><indexterm>map title &lt;title></indexterm>Use the &lt;title> element to define a title for the group of topics; for example, a
            chapter or section heading.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>&lt;topicmeta> topic metadata </dt>
          <dd><indexterm>topic metadata &lt;topicmeta></indexterm>Use the &lt;topicmeta> element to
            specify metadata about the map as a whole, a group of topics referenced within the map,
            or a specific topic or map reference. Metadata specified in a &lt;topicmeta> element
            cascades to all elements contained within the element to which the &lt;topicmeta> is
            attached. For example, metadata within a &lt;topicmeta> element that appears immediately
            after the base &lt;map> element applies to all elements in the entire map. However,
            &lt;topicmeta> attached to a &lt;topicgroup> applies only to the topics within that
            group, and &lt;topicmeta> attached to a single &lt;topicref> applies only to that topic.
            Metadata specified in &lt;topicmeta> within a map overrides any metadata values for the
            same elements specified in the topics, unless multiple elements of that type are
            allowed. </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>&lt;topicref> topic reference </dt>
          <dd><indexterm>topic reference &lt;topicref></indexterm>Use the &lt;topicref> element to
            point to a single DITA topic. You must include the <i>@href</i> attribute to point to
            the path and file name for the DITA topic or external file you want to include. Use
            multiple &lt;topicref > elements to point to multiple topics to build your deliverable.
            Nesting the &lt;topicref> elements in one another creates a navigational and
            hierarchical structure. </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="mapref">
          <dt>&lt;mapref> map reference <i> (optional)</i></dt>
          <dd><indexterm>map reference &lt;mapref></indexterm>Use the &lt;mapref> element to point
            to a map of DITA topics. You must include the <i>@href</i> attribute to point to the
            path and file name for the DITA map you want to include. </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>&lt;glossref> glossary reference (optional)</dt>
          <dd><indexterm>glossary reference &lt;glossref></indexterm>Use the &lt;glossref> element
            to point to a glossentry topic, when building a glossary map. You must include the
              <i>@href</i> attribute to point to the path and file name for the DITA map you want to
            include. In addition, you must specify a <i>@keys</i> attribute so that the glossentry
            can be referenced from within the text of other topics using the &lt;term> or
            &lt;abbreviated-form> elements.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>&lt;reltable> relationship table <i> (optional)</i>
          </dt>
          <dd><indexterm>relationship table &lt;reltable></indexterm>Use the &lt;reltable> element
            to specify relationships between topics. See <xref
              href="c_RelationshipTables.dita#RelTableOverview"/> for information about building
            relationship tables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>&lt;topicgroup> topic group (optional)</dt>
          <dd><indexterm>topic group &lt;topicgroup></indexterm>Nest &lt;topicref> elements in a
            &lt;topicgroup> to establish linking relationships between them. Use the
              <i>@collection-type</i> attribute to establish the type of relationship. See <xref
              href="c_CreatingMaps.dita#concept_qly_bwm_ch/section_rk1_1bw_kn"/> for more
            information.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>&lt;topichead> topic head <i> (optional)</i></dt>
          <dd><indexterm>topic head &lt;topichead></indexterm><indexterm>navigation title
              &lt;navtitle></indexterm>Use the &lt;topichead> element to provide a title-only entry
            for a table of contents and within the rendered content. To define the title, nest a
            &lt;navtitle> element within a &lt;topicmeta> element within this
            element.<codeblock>&lt;topichead>
  &lt;topicmeta>
    &lt;navtitle>...&lt;/navtitle>
  &lt;/topicmeta>
&lt;/topichead></codeblock></dd>
        </dlentry>




      </dl>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>
