<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="select-atts" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>Map Attributes</title>
 <refbody>
  <table>
   <desc>Map attributes specify whether topics referenced within the map should be included in
    various outputs or generated content. These attributes apply also to elements within a
    bookmap.</desc>
   <tgroup cols="4">
    <colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*"/>
    <colspec colname="col2" colwidth="4*"/>
    <colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*"/>
    <colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*"/>
    <thead>
     <row>
      <entry valign="top">Name</entry>
      <entry valign="top">Description</entry>
      <entry valign="top">Available Values</entry>
      <entry valign="top">Required</entry>
     </row>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
     
     <row>
      <entry><i>print</i></entry>
      <entry><indexterm>print attribute</indexterm>Specifies whether the topic should be included in print outputs, such as PDF. The
       default is yes.</entry>
      <entry>yes | no</entry>
      <entry>Only if you want to exclude the topic from print output</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry><i>@processing-role</i></entry>
      <entry><indexterm>processing-role attribute</indexterm>Specifies whether the topic should be
       included as a normal topic, or is simply used as a resource for resolving keyrefs and
       conkeyrefs.<codeblock scale="80">Placeholder for example</codeblock></entry>
      <entry>normal | resource-only</entry>
      <entry>Only when the topic should be used as a resource only; for example, on key
       files.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry><i>@toc</i></entry>
      <entry><indexterm>toc attribute</indexterm>Specifies whether topics are included in a site map
       or table of contents. The default is yes.<p>In this example, the content in the reference
        topic was broken out for reuse purposes only. This distinction is not important to the user,
        so the topic is excluded from the TOC, making it appear as though it is part of the parent
        topic.<codeblock scale="80">Placeholder for example</codeblock></p></entry>
      <entry>yes | no</entry>
      <entry>Only if you want to exclude the topic from the table of contents</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry><i>@chunk</i></entry>
      <entry><indexterm>chunk attribute</indexterm>Specifies that all nested topics be combined
       together as a single topic when processed. For example, although three topics are specified
       in the following example, they will be output as one topic when the map is
       processed.<codeblock scale="80">Placeholder for example</codeblock></entry>
      <entry>to-content</entry>
      <entry>Only if you want multiple topics to be displayed together as one topic in an outline
       output</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry><i>@copy-to</i></entry>
      <entry><indexterm>copy-to attribute</indexterm>Specifies a different file name for a
       particular instance of the topic in the map. The links and navigation associated with that
       instance will point to a copy of the topic with the file name you specified, ensuring that
       context is maintained when users navigate to and from the topic instance.<p>For example,
        suppose you have two installation scenarios, each of which require the same beginning and
        ending tasks. To ensure that users stay within their desired installation scenario as they
        click forward and back, each topic must have a different name within this specific map. To
        accomplish this, you reference the same file, but provide a temporary name each time you
        reference the file. <codeblock scale="80">Placeholder for example</codeblock></p></entry>
      <entry><varname>temporary file name</varname></entry>
      <entry>Yes, when including the same topic multiple times within the same map</entry>
     </row>
     
     
    </tbody>
   </tgroup>
  </table>
 </refbody>
</reference>
