<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="NamingConvention">
     <title>File Naming Convention</title>
     <conbody>
         
               <p>Name your DITA files using the words in the topic or map title as follows:</p>
               <ol id="ol_FDF2E80BEADB432C83FCFEA58967AA9A">
                    <li>Begin each file name with an indicator for the type of file, followed by an
                              underscore:<ul id="ul_csv_wlj_2h">
                         <!--<li>a_(assessment)</li>-->
                              <li>c_ (concept topic)</li>
                              <li>t_ (task topic)</li>
                              <li>r_( reference topic)</li>
                         <!--<li>ts_(troubleshooting topic)</li>-->
                         <!--<li>o_(overview)</li>-->
                              <li>g_ (glossary)</li>
                              <li>m_ (map) </li>
                         <!--<li>lm_(learning map)</li>-->
                              <li>bm_ (bookmap)</li>
                              <li>coll_ (collection topic)</li>
                         <li>key_ (key file)</li>
                         </ul></li>
                    <li id="li_87BEF262A25A413EBC909D5853847743">Add the title as specified in the
                    topic or map &lt;title> element. Refer to <xref
                         href="c_TitlingTopics.dita#TitlingTopics"/> and <xref
                         href="c_CreatingMaps.dita#concept_qly_bwm_ch/TitlingMaps"/> for guidelines
                    on how to title topics, maps, and bookmaps.<ul id="ul_rl3_k54_xh">
                         <li>Use camel case, starting each word in the title with a capital letter
                              to increase readability of the file name. Be sure, however, to treat
                              all file names as if they were case sensitive; always use the same
                              capitalization scheme when referencing the files to ensure the file is
                              found.</li>
                         <li>Remove any spaces, special characters, or punctuation from the
                              title.</li>
                         <li>If the title contains conditional or key'd text to accommodate
                              differing conditions, do not include this information in the file
                              name. These reuse strategies indicate that the file can be used for
                              multiple conditions and the file name should not limit the perceived
                              applicability of the file by specifying a specific condition.</li>
                         <li>Full titles are preferred. However, for long file names, you may use
                              common abbreviations for words and leave out articles, prepositions,
                              and conjunctions. </li>
                         <li>Avoid duplicate file names, regardless of whether or not they are
                              stored in a different file path. In situations where the file name
                              would duplicate, consider first the appropriateness of the topic
                              title: does it sufficiently identify the topic contents and
                              distinguish it from other topics that might be found in a search? If
                              not, modify the topic title before saving the file. If you feel the
                              title is appropriate, include metadata from the file into your file
                              name to make it unique in the system; this might necessitate
                              overriding the previous recommendation to leave out product
                              information from the file name. In such cases, include all applicable
                              product names in the file name. <note>Do not simply add a sequential
                                   number to the file name; such numbers do not aid in an author's
                                   ability to locate a specific file.</note></li>
                    </ul></li>
                    <li id="li_D13E92C9903A49A7AFC48BFEDFBBB9B3">End every file with a .dita or
                         .ditamap extension as appropriate.</li>
               </ol>
     </conbody>
</concept>
