<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="WritingForReuse">
    <title id="WritingForReuse">Writing for Reuse</title>
    <conbody>
                <p>Before employing any DITA reuse mechanism, you should carefully analyze what
                        content can be used exactly as it already exists and what content must
                        change due to real differences in the product. Often, multiple topics are
                        created that say essentially the same thing because of personal preferences
                        among authors, editors, and subject matter experts. But in a reuse-centric
                        environment, these preferences must be set aside to gain the maximum reuse
                        benefit. </p>
                <p>To avoid creating repetitious content when an existing topic can be used
                        implementing the various reuse strategies described in this section, authors
                        should follow these guidelines when creating new content:</p>
                <p>
                        <?oxy_delete author="joannhackos" timestamp="20140811T131036-0600" content="To avoid repetitious content in the future, authors should follow these guidelines when creating new content:"?>
                        <?oxy_insert_start author="joannhackos" timestamp="20140811T131040-0600"?>
                        <draft-comment author="joannhackos">talk about repetitious. repeats prevous
                                sentence</draft-comment>
                        <?oxy_insert_end?>
                </p>
                <ul id="ul_bd7c25a2-44ff-4a48-8d5d-e96a0a6e80d6">
                        <li>Establish a "single point of truth."<p>For reuse to work, authors need
                                        to accept that common information need be written in one and
                                        only one topic. Even if the way it is written is not the way
                                        an author might have written it, it is a waste of time and
                                        budget to rewrite the same information. Further, propagating
                                        different versions of the same information increases the
                                        likelihood that not all versions will be updated in the
                                        future. In addition, multiple explanations of the same
                                        content can be confusing to end users.</p></li>
                        <li>Search for an existing topic before writing a new one.<p>Before creating
                                        new content, search the content management system to locate
                                        content that has already been written and reuse it. To help
                                        with your search, use metadata, keywords, phrases, or other
                                        criteria to find content that is reusable for your
                                        assignment. Searching for reusable content can save hours of
                                        writing time and reduce repetitious content within the
                                        repository.</p></li>
                        <li>Write clear, descriptive titles.<p>Topic titles are one of the most
                                        important cues to your end users in helping them find
                                        information; the more descriptive the title, in words that
                                        are meaningful to the end user, the easier it is for users
                                        to read and comprehend the information. Writing meaningful
                                        titles from an end-user perspective helps set the context
                                        for the information and frequently lessens the need for
                                        explanatory paragraphs within the topic. Clear, descriptive
                                        titles for topics also help other writers find content that
                                        may be appropriate for them to include in their
                                maps.</p></li>
                        <li>Include thorough metadata.<p>Metadata, describing the content and the
                                        situations in which the content is applicable, is just as
                                        important as the actual content in a reuse environment. If
                                        others don't know what content a topic contains or they
                                        can't find it, they can't reuse it. </p></li>
                        <li>Ensure topics are stand-alone and cover one complete subject
                                        only.<p>Well-constructed topics cover a single subject and
                                        do not require any other topics to be understood by the
                                        customer. When you mix content types in a single topic or
                                        include multiple subjects, you limit the situations in which
                                        the topic might be reused. All subjects covered by the topic
                                        must apply in any situation in which you want to reuse it.
                                        By separating subjects and content type, you have more
                                        flexibility in which information you reuse.</p></li>
                        <li>Limit the number of &lt;xref> elements within your topics.<p>When you
                                        explicitly link to other topics, you limit the reuse of that
                                        topic
                                        <?oxy_delete author="joannhackos" timestamp="20140811T131521-0600" content="to "?>only <?oxy_insert_start author="joannhackos" timestamp="20140811T131523-0600"?>
                                        <?oxy_insert_end?>publications that also include the
                                        referenced topics. It is better to add links through
                                        relationship tables in the publication map, so that all
                                        links are determined by what topics are within
                                        that<?oxy_delete author="joannhackos" timestamp="20140811T131513-0600" content=" specific"?>
                                        map. See <xref
                                                href="c_RelationshipTables.dita#RelTableOverview"/>
                                        for more information.</p></li>
                        <li>When details are not important, leave them out. The more explicit the
                                details you provide, the more difficult to reuse that content in
                                other situations where the details may not all apply. Use
                                all-compassing words and phrases like the following that indicate
                                details are not complete or that all details may not apply in
                                certain situations:<ul id="ul_cgf_zvf_yh">
                                        <li>such as</li>
                                        <li>including</li>
                                        <li>where applicable</li>
                                </ul></li>
                        <li>Use generic terms whenever possible and variables when you must be
                                        specific.<p>Use terms such as "the cabinet", "the board", or
                                        "the cable" rather than listing the specific type, if the
                                        type is not significant. If the type is significant, use
                                        standard variables, so the topic could be reused with the
                                        appropriate variable substitution.<draft-comment>use
                                                examples appropriate to the
                                        company.</draft-comment></p></li>
                </ul>
        </conbody>
</concept>
<?oxy_options track_changes="on"?>