<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="RelTableOverview">
    <title>Relationship Tables</title>
    <conbody>
        <section id="reltableintro">
            <p><keyword keyref="companyname"/> uses relationship tables to define and manage links
                to related topics within an online deliverable. Relationship tables free you from
                the burden of creating and maintaining links in your individual topics. Links
                hardcoded within individual topics are usually hard to maintain and often break when
                you move or delete the target topic. By using relationship tables at the map level,
                you ensure that the links you establish are between topics included in the map,
                eliminating broken links, and if you need to change a link, you need only make the
                change once, in the map itself rather than in every topic affected by the
                change.</p>
            <p>Relationship tables are created using a table of rows and columns to define links.
                Each column in the table typically groups together the same information type. Each
                row in the table represents a unique relationship, which is generally rendered as a
                link, and each cell lists participants in the relationship. Each topic or map
                reference in a cell links to the topic and map references in the other cells in the
                same row. Using the topic references in your map to build the table, you can easily
                link from concepts to tasks and back again, link reference information to multiple
                tasks, and link task information to supporting information needed to complete the
                task. </p>
            <p>You can include relationship tables in both DITA maps and bookmaps.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Creating a Relationship Table</title>
            <p>Use your authoring tool's relationship table tool to create a four-column
                relationship table with each column corresponding to one of the primary information
                types, concept, task, troubleshooting, and reference. Build the relationships
                between topics by adding &lt;topicref> elements to the appropriate rows and columns.
                As you add the topic references, keep in mind the following rules governing
                relationship tables:</p>
            <ul>
                <li>Each row in the table represents a separate set of relationships and links.</li>
                <li>No relationships exist between the rows in a table.</li>
                <li>Topic references are not needed in every cell in a row, but at least two cells
                    should have references in order to establish a relationship.</li>
                <li>Each cell can contain multiple topic references. However, by default, no
                    relationship is established between topics that share the same cell. See <xref
                        href="#RelTableOverview/section_zqj_kqw_kn" format="dita"/> for instructions
                    on creating such links.</li>
                <li>Topic references can be repeated in multiple rows.</li>
            </ul>
            <p>In addition, consider these best practices: <ul id="ul_nhd_4pj_ch">
                    <li>Wherever possible, use DITA's automatic hierarchical linking to avoid the
                        need for creating relationships. For example, within a map, DITA
                        automatically creates two-way linking between parent topics and each of
                        their children topics; you do not need to include those relationships in
                        your relationship table.</li>
                    <li>Be careful not to duplicate links. For example, if the topic already
                        contains an &lt;xref> to a topic, do not include that same relationship in
                        the relationship table.</li>
                    <li>Make sure all links take users to meaningful, related content.</li>
                    <li>Limit the number of relationships you include to less than five per topic.
                        Too many links can be overwhelming for users. </li>
                    <li>Take the time to validate your links before publication.</li>
                    <li>When nesting maps, include relationship tables to establish the
                        relationships in the map level common to all topics in the relationship. For
                        example, if topics are in separate maps, establish their relationship in the
                        map that references their individual maps.</li>
                </ul></p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Relationship Table Elements</title>
            <p>Use the following elements when creating a relationship table:<note>Use your tool's
                    relationship table commands to build a relationship table without needing to
                    hand code these elements.</note></p>
            <dl>
                <dlentry id="reltable">
                    <dt>&lt;reltable> relationship table </dt>
                    <dd>
                        <p><indexterm>relationship table &lt;reltable></indexterm>Use the
                            &lt;reltable> element to create the framework for the relationship
                            table. Add all elements in the relationship table between the beginning
                            and ending tags of the &lt;reltable> element. The &lt;reltable> element
                            is a child of the &lt;map> or &lt;bookmap> element.</p>
                    </dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>&lt;relheader> relationship table header </dt>
                    <dd><indexterm>relationship table header &lt;relheader></indexterm>Use the
                        &lt;relheader> element as a container for the column specifications,
                        including header rows, if desired.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry id="relcolspec">
                    <dt>&lt;relcolspec> relationship column specification </dt>
                    <dd>
                        <p><indexterm>relationship table column specification
                                &lt;relcolspec></indexterm>Use the &lt;relcolspec> element to define
                            each column in the relationship table. Each &lt;reltable> should contain
                            at least two &lt;relcolspec> elements to form meaningful relationships
                            among your topics. Typically, you will include four &lt;relcolspec>
                            elements, with each column corresponding to one of the four primary
                            topic types: task, troubleshooting, concept, and reference. </p>
                    </dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry id="relrow">
                    <dt>&lt;relrow> relationship table row </dt>
                    <dd>
                        <p><indexterm>relationship table row &lt;relrow></indexterm>Use the
                            &lt;relrow> element to define the relationships among the topics in each
                            relationship row. Each &lt;relrow> element defines a new set of
                            relationships. You can add as many &lt;relrow> elements as needed to the
                            relationship table.</p>
                    </dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry id="relcell">
                    <dt>&lt;relcell> relationship table cell </dt>
                    <dd>
                        <p><indexterm>relationship table cell &lt;relcell></indexterm>Use the
                            &lt;relcell> element to define the topic references. These topic
                            references will be linked during processing. Nest &lt;topicref> elements
                            for each topic involved in the relationship, using the <i>@href
                            </i>attribute to point to the appropriate topic.</p>
                        <p>The number of &lt;relcell> elements must match the number of
                            &lt;relcolspec> elements. If you do not want to include a topic
                            reference in one of the cells in a row, you must still add an empty
                            &lt;relcell> element for the empty cell. </p>
                    </dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </section>
        <section id="section_zqj_kqw_kn">
            <title>Linking to Topics Within the Same Cell</title>
            <p>In a relationship table, topic references in the same cell are not linked together.
                However, there are instances when they should be linked.</p>
            <p><indexterm>collection-type attribute</indexterm>To link topics in a cell together,
                group them with a &lt;topicgroup> element and set its <i>@collection-type</i>
                attribute to "family". </p>
            <codeblock scale="80">Placeholder for example.</codeblock>
            <p>If the topics should be viewed in a specific order, set the <i>@collection-type</i>
                attribute to "sequence" instead. Topics will be linked as Next and Previous topics
                in the sequence the topics occur in the cell. Use this option when you have an
                all-encompassing task that has multiple sub-task
                    topics.<codeblock scale="80">Placeholder for example.</codeblock><note>If you
                    find you are creating sequential relationships in relationship tables,
                    reconsider the grouping of your topics within your maps. It makes sense to
                    include sequential elements next to each other in the map, which would allow you
                    to establish the relationship between the topics directly in the &lt;topicref>
                    element in the map, rather than through a relationship table.</note></p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Creating One-Way Links</title>
            <p>By default, the links in a relationship table go both ways. However, you might want
                to make the links one way. For example, you might want to point multiple topics to a
                glossary, but you would not want the glossary to link back to all those individual
                topics. </p>
            <p><indexterm>linking attribute</indexterm>To create a one-way link, set the
                    <i>@linking</i> attribute in the topic reference that you do not want to link
                back from to "targetonly". Conversely, you could also set the <i>@linking
                </i>attribute in the topic reference that you do not want to link back to as
                "sourceonly". The two rows in the example accomplish exactly the same
                thing.<codeblock scale="80">&lt;relrow>
  &lt;relcell>
    &lt;topicref href="t_tasktopic.dita"/>
  &lt;/relcell>
  &lt;relcell>
    &lt;topicref href="g_glossary.dita" 
       linking="targetonly"/>
  &lt;/relcell>
&lt;/relrow>   
&lt;relrow>
  &lt;relcell>
    &lt;topicref href="t_tasktopic.dita" 
        linking="sourceonly"/>
  &lt;/relcell>
  &lt;relcell>
    &lt;topicref href="g_glossary.dita"/>
  &lt;/relcell>
&lt;/relrow>   </codeblock></p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
