<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="ReuseStrategy">
 <title>Reuse Strategy</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>The <keyword keyref="companyname"/> reuse strategy is based on the commonality seen across the
    <keyword keyref="companyname"/> products themselves. With careful planning and conditional
    processing,<keyword keyref="companyname"/> can single-source information between its products.
   The <keyword keyref="companyname"/> Information Architecture relies on several different
   approaches to support its reuse strategy: <ul id="ul_5gm_mzf_5d">
    <li>Individual maps are compiled for multiple types of output.</li>
    <li>Maps point to common topics that can be reused in their entirety.</li>
    <li>Collection files contain common content that can be reused across the enterprise or within a
     product or version.</li>
    <li>Conditional processing filters content based on specific data.</li>
    <li>Variables substitute phrase-level content such as product names.</li>
    <li>Differences are pushed into common files at runtime.</li>
   </ul></p><p>Use this table to choose between the approaches described in this section.</p>
  <table frame="all" id="table_olb_lt4_sh">
   <tgroup cols="2">
    <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.0*"/>
    <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1.0*"/>
    <thead>
     <row>
      <entry>If the following is true</entry>
      <entry>Use this approach</entry>
     </row>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
     <row>
      <entry>Maps or topics can be used without any changes in another publication</entry>
      <entry><xref href="c_CommonContentOverview.dita#CommonContentOverview"/></entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>You want to reuse portions of another topic within your current topic</entry>
      <entry><xref href="c_CollectionFiles.dita#concept_vtz_r2q_xh"/></entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Unique paragraphs, applicable to only a subset of conditions, represent greater than
       50% of the topic content</entry>
      <entry><xref href="c_CollectionFiles.dita#concept_vtz_r2q_xh"/></entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Unique paragraphs, applicable to only a subset of conditions, represent less than 50%
       of the topic content</entry>
      <entry/>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Variations in topic content due to a specific condition will always have corresponding
       content for all other conditions. That is, a version of the content exists under all
       conditions.</entry>
      <entry/>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Differences in topic content should be managed by separate PDUs; they cannot be
       maintained by a single topic.</entry>
      <entry/>
     </row>
    </tbody>
   </tgroup>
  </table>
 </conbody>
</concept>
