<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub UDT _bookmark _target?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="TaskElements">
 <title>Task Elements</title>
 <conbody>
    <p>Choose from the following elements when writing a task topic. An asterisk (*) next to the
      element name indicates that you can nest the block and inline elements that are common to all
      information types as described in <xref href="c_BlockElements.dita#StructureElements"/> and
        <xref href="c_UsingInlineElements.dita#InlineElements"/> within the element. </p>
  <section>
   <title>&lt;taskbody> Elements</title>
   <p>Nest these elements within the &lt;taskbody> element.</p>
   <dl>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>&lt;prereq> prerequisite<sup>*</sup></dt>
     <dd><indexterm>prerequisite &lt;prereq></indexterm>Use the &lt;prereq> element to specify
            anything that the user needs to know or do before starting the task; for example, to
            describe actions that must be completed prior to beginning the task or to list special
            tools or equipment that the user needs to complete the task. You might also use
            &lt;prereq> as a container for notes and hazard statements specific to the entire task.
            Nest an unordered list in this section and include each required item in a list item
            (li). Do not include an introductory sentence. </dd>

    </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>&lt;context> context <sup>*</sup></dt>
          <dd><indexterm>context &lt;context></indexterm>Use the &lt;context> element to identify
            the purpose or goal of the task, as well as to indicate to the users what they gain by
            completing the task. The context section should answer questions like "who," "what,"
            "why," "where," and "when," while the steps section then answers the question "how."
            Although the context information may contain some basic conceptual information, it
            should not replace or recreate a related concept topic. </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>&lt;steps> steps</dt>
          <dd><indexterm>steps &lt;steps></indexterm><indexterm>step &lt;step></indexterm>Use the
            &lt;steps> element to create a numbered list of all the steps that the user must follow
            to complete the task. The &lt;steps> element can contain any number of &lt;step> and
            &lt;stepsection> elements. The &lt;steps>, &lt;steps-unordered>, or &lt;steps-informal>
            element is required within a task topic. <!--The &lt;steps> element is included in the
            General Task Template.--><dl>
              <dlentry>
                <dt>&lt;stepsection> step section</dt>
                <dd><indexterm>step section &lt;stepsection></indexterm>Nest the &lt;stepsection>
                  element within &lt;steps> to specify conditions that might require the user to
                  skip the next step or series of steps within a procedure. The &lt;stepsection>
                  element should be placed immediately before the first step that might be skipped
                  and should contain an &lt;xref> element pointing to the next relevant step for
                  situations that meet the specified condition. The &lt;stepsection> element does
                  not interrupt the sequencing of the individual
                  steps.<codeblock scale="80">Placeholder for Example</codeblock>
                </dd>
              </dlentry>
              <dlentry>
                <dt>step</dt>
                <dd><indexterm>step &lt;step></indexterm>Use the &lt;step> element for each step
                  that the user must follow to complete the task. Each &lt;step> element must be
                  nested in a &lt;steps> or &lt;steps-unordered> container element and must include
                  a &lt;cmd> element. You may use one or more &lt;step> elements within each
                  &lt;steps> or &lt;steps-unordered> element. </dd>
              </dlentry>
            </dl><p>A &lt;steps>, &lt;steps-unordered>, or &lt;steps-informal> element is required
              within a task topic. </p></dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>&lt;steps-unordered> steps unordered (mandatory in a checklist task) </dt>
          <dd><indexterm>steps unordered &lt;steps-unordered></indexterm><indexterm>step
              &lt;step></indexterm>Use the &lt;steps-unordered> element if your task only has one
            step or if the steps do not need to be performed in a specific order. On output,
            &lt;step> elements nested in a &lt;steps-unordered> element will be formatted with
            checkboxes rather than numbers. As with the &lt;steps> element, the &lt;steps-unordered>
            element is a container for all &lt;stepsection> and individual &lt;step> elements that
            the task contains (see &lt;steps> for more information). <!--The &lt;steps>,
            &lt;steps-unordered>, or &lt;steps-informal> element is required within a task topic.
            The &lt;steps-unordered> element is included in the Checklist Task Template.--> </dd>
        </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>&lt;stepsection> step section</dt>
     <dd><indexterm>step section &lt;stepsection></indexterm>Use the &lt;stepsection> element to put
      a title before a set of steps in a procedure. The &lt;stepsection> element does not interrupt
      the sequencing of the individual steps.<draft-comment>Companies should have good reason for
       keeping this element. Used only rarely in our experience.</draft-comment></dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>&lt;result> result<sup>*</sup></dt>
     <dd><indexterm>result &lt;result></indexterm>Use the &lt;result> element to describe the
            expected outcome for the task as a whole. The &lt;result> element could include a final
            description using figures, tables, or visual cues that show end users that they have
            successfully completed the task. </dd>
    </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>&lt;tasktroubleshooting> task troubleshooting<sup>*</sup> (optional)</dt>
          <dd><indexterm>task troubleshooting &lt;tasktroubleshooting></indexterm>Use the
            &lt;tasktroubleshooting> element to help users resolve any problems that may arise
            during the completion of the task, for example, what to do if they don't get the
            expected result. </dd>
        </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>&lt;example&gt; example<sup>*</sup>
          </dt>
     <dd><indexterm>example &lt;example></indexterm>Use the &lt;example&gt; element in a task to
            include a specific scenario for completing the task. The &lt;example&gt; element could
            include graphics or text that show or describe to users how they would complete the task
            in the given circumstances. </dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>&lt;postreq> post requirement<sup>*</sup></dt>
     <dd><indexterm>post requirement &lt;postreq></indexterm>Use the &lt;postreq> element to specify
            anything that the user needs to know or do after completing the task. This information
            might include recommended next steps, such as clean up, testing, and adjusting.</dd>
    </dlentry>
   </dl>
  </section>
   <section id="stepelements">
      <title>&lt;step> Elements</title>
      <p>Use the &lt;step> element for each step that the user must follow to complete the task.
        Each &lt;step> element must be nested in a &lt;steps> or &lt;steps-unordered> container
        element and must begin with a &lt;cmd> element. You may use one or more &lt;step> elements
        within each &lt;steps> or &lt;steps-unordered> element. </p>
      <p>You can nest any of these elements within a &lt;step> element:</p>
      <!--<note>All information after the &lt;cmd> element can be collapsed into a "twistie" to provide
        users the ability to show or hide the additional information. To do so, add an
          <i>@outputclass</i> attribute to the step and indicate whether it should be initially
        collapsed (<codeph>&lt;step outputclass="collapse"></codeph>) or initially displayed
          (<codeph>&lt;step outputclass="open"></codeph>). If no <i>@outputclass</i> is specified,
        the information can never be hidden.</note>-->
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>&lt;note> note or &lt;hazardstatement> hazard statement<sup>*</sup></dt>
          <dd><indexterm>note &lt;note></indexterm><indexterm>hazard statement
              &lt;hazardstatement></indexterm>Include a &lt;note> or &lt;hazardstatement> element to
            notify users of dangers or other important information about the step before they see
            the step.<draft-comment>Valid in dita 1.2 only.</draft-comment>
          </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>&lt;cmd> command</dt>
          <dd><indexterm>command &lt;cmd></indexterm>Use the &lt;cmd> element to describe the action
            the user needs to take in a &lt;step> or &lt;substep> element. This element is required
            within &lt;step> and &lt;substep> elements.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>&lt;info> information<sup>*</sup></dt>
          <dd><indexterm>information &lt;info></indexterm>Use the &lt;info> element to provide
            additional information for completing a step beyond the instruction in the &lt;cmd>
            element or as a container for a &lt;note> element that pertains to the specific step.
          </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>&lt;substeps> sub-steps and nested &lt;substep> sub-step elements</dt>
          <dd><indexterm>substeps &lt;substeps></indexterm><indexterm>substep
              &lt;substep></indexterm>Use the &lt;substeps> element to break a step down into a
            series of actions. This element is a container for the individual &lt;substep> elements.
            Use a &lt;substep> element for each sub-step that a user must follow to complete the
            step. The &lt;substep> element has the same structure as the &lt;step> element, but it
            cannot contain another level of &lt;substeps>, &lt;choice>, or &lt;choicetable>
            elements.</dd>
          <dd>
            <note>If you need to use &lt;substeps>, consider creating a new task instead so that the
              steps are not embedded in another task. Use of sub-steps should be limited, and only
              one level of substep is permitted. </note>
          </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>&lt;choices> choices and nested &lt;choice> choice elements<sup>*</sup></dt>
          <dd><indexterm>choices &lt;choices></indexterm><indexterm>choice
            &lt;choice></indexterm>Use the &lt;choices> element to create a list of options that the
            user may select to complete the task. Use &lt;choicetable> when the user has many
            options that lead to different results. The &lt;choices> element is a container for
            individual &lt;choice> elements. Nest a &lt;choice&gt; element within &lt;choices> for
            each option that the user can select. Do not insert the word "or" between the choices.
            If necessary, you can add additional elements such as &lt;p>, &lt;ul>, or &lt;ol> to a
            &lt;choice> element.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>&lt;choicetable> choice table</dt>
          <dd><indexterm>choice table &lt;choice table></indexterm>Use the &lt;choicetable> element
            to create a table of options that the user may select to complete the task. The choice
            table lends itself well to an if/then configuration; for example:<table
              id="table_rgb_xop_od">
              <tgroup cols="2">
                <thead>
                  <row>
                    <entry>If you want to...</entry>
                    <entry>Then...</entry>
                  </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                  <row>
                    <entry>Create a bulleted list of options</entry>
                    <entry>Use the &lt;choices> element</entry>
                  </row>
                  <row>
                    <entry>Create a table of options</entry>
                    <entry>Use the &lt;choicetable> element</entry>
                  </row>
                </tbody>
              </tgroup>
            </table>However, you can title the columns as needed according to the choices to be
            made. Use your authoring tool's table creation features to create the choice table. The
            specific elements required in a choice table are explained in <xref
              href="#TaskElements/choicetableelements" format="dita"/>.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>&lt;stepxmp> step example<sup>*</sup></dt>
          <dd><indexterm>step example &lt;stepxmp&gt;</indexterm>Use the &lt;stepxmp> to include an
            example illustrating the step. While the &lt;cmd> element is typically written
            generically to apply to any situation, the &lt;stepxmp> element shows a specific
            application of the &lt;cmd> statement to help users better understand how to complete
            the step.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>&lt;tutorialinfo&gt; tutorial information<sup>*</sup></dt>
          <dd><indexterm>tutorial information &lt;tutorialinfo></indexterm>Use the
            &lt;tutorialinfo&gt; element to provide specific information that applies to a scenario
            established for a tutorial. For example, a task might include the generic step,
            <?oxy_comment_start author="stefany" timestamp="20140602T122350-0600" comment="Fill these blanks"?>"..."
            <?oxy_comment_end?>In the &lt;tutorialinfo> element, you would provide the specific
            values for that step, such
            as<?oxy_comment_start author="stefany" timestamp="20140602T122404-0600" comment="Fill these blanks"?>
            ... <?oxy_comment_end?>:<draft-comment>provide example from
            company</draft-comment><codeblock>&lt;tutorialinfo>.... 
  &lt;dl>
    &lt;dlentry>
      &lt;dt>...&lt;/dt>
      &lt;dd>....&lt;/dd>
    &lt;/dlentry>
    &lt;dlentry>
      &lt;dt>...&lt;/dt>
      &lt;dd>...&lt;/dd>
    &lt;/dlentry>
    &lt;dlentry>
      &lt;dt>...&lt;/dt>
      &lt;dd>...&lt;/dd>
    &lt;/dlentry>
  &lt;/dl>
&lt;/tutorialinfo></codeblock></dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>&lt;stepresult> step result<sup>*</sup></dt>
          <dd><indexterm>step result &lt;stepresult></indexterm>Use the &lt;stepresult> element to
            explain the expected outcome of a step. Step results assure users that they are on
            track, but do not need to be included on all steps. Use this element only as much as
            necessary to keep the user on task, where it is really useful to the users, not just to
            illustrate what they can see on the screen. Remember, if you don't use this element, you
            can use orienting language in the step itself, such as "On the XYZ screen,
              do...".<note>You can include only one &lt;stepresult> in a step, and nothing except a
              &lt;steptroubleshooting> element can follow it.</note></dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>&lt;steptroubleshooting> step troubleshooting<sup>*</sup> (optional)</dt>
          <dd><indexterm>step troubleshooting &lt;steptroubleshooting></indexterm>Use the
            &lt;steptroubleshooting> element to provide information to users for how to recover from
            mistakes made or errors encountered during this step. Consider including this element
            whenever you include a &lt;stepresult> so that users immediately know what to do if they
            don't see the expected result. <note>When included, the &lt;steptroubleshooting> element
              must be the last element within a &lt;step>. </note></dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>
  <section id="choicetableelements">
   <title>&lt;choicetable> Elements</title>
   <p>Your authoring tool will likely set up a &lt;choicetable> element for you without you ever
    needing to code the individual table elements. However, for reference purposes, the following
    list describes the elements that make up a choice table.</p>
   <dl>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>&lt;chhead> choice head</dt>
     <dd><indexterm>choice table head &lt;chhead></indexterm>Use the &lt;chhead> element to provide
      headings for the columns in a choice table. The &lt;chhead> element contains the
      &lt;choptionhd> and &lt;chdeschd> elements. If you do not specify these elements, the default
      headings are "Option" and "Description."<dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>&lt;choptionhd> choice option head</dt>
        <dd><indexterm>choice table first column head &lt;choptionhd></indexterm>Use the
         &lt;choptionhd> element to specify the heading for the first column of a choice table.
        </dd>
       </dlentry>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>&lt;chdeschd> choice description head</dt>
        <dd><indexterm>choice table second column head &lt;chdeschd></indexterm>Use the
         &lt;chdeschd> element to specify the heading for the second column of a choice table. </dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl></dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>&lt;chrow> choice row</dt>
     <dd><indexterm>choice table row &lt;chrow></indexterm>Use the &lt;chrow> element to create a
            row in a choice table. The &lt;chrow> element contains the &lt;choption> and &lt;chdesc>
            elements: <dl>
              <dlentry>
                <dt>&lt;choption> choice option<sup>*</sup></dt>
                <dd><indexterm>choice table option &lt;choption></indexterm>Use the &lt;choption>
                  element to describe an option that the user can choose to accomplish the step. You
                  can use only one &lt;choption> element in each &lt;chrow> element.</dd>
              </dlentry>
              <dlentry>
                <dt>&lt;chdesc> choice description<sup>*</sup></dt>
                <dd><indexterm>choice table description &lt;chdesc></indexterm>Use the &lt;chdesc>
                  element to provide a description for the option in the corresponding &lt;choption>
                  element. The description explains why the user would choose that option or the
                  result of making that choice. You can use only one &lt;chdesc> element in each
                  &lt;chrow> element. </dd>
              </dlentry>
            </dl><codeblock>Placeholder for choicetable example.</codeblock></dd>
    </dlentry>
   </dl>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
