<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="TitlingTopics">
  <title>Titling Topics</title>
  <conbody>
    <p>DITA requires that you provide a title for all topics (except Glossary topics), which is then
      rendered as the heading of the topic's content in the final output. The &lt;title> element is
      the first element within the topic root element (such as &lt;task> or &lt;reference>). Type
      your text directly into the &lt;title> element, keeping in mind the following coding
        constraints:<ul id="ul_r5v_crv_nl">
        <li><?oxy_comment_start author="george" timestamp="20150127T222736+0200" comment="We will allow only text() and ph within a title."?>You
          cannot nest block elements or most inline elements within &lt;title>. Even when they are
          allowed, avoid using inline elements that might override the format of the heading
          style.<?oxy_comment_end?></li>
        <li><?oxy_comment_start author="george" timestamp="20150127T222544+0200" comment="This is enforced by the DTD/schema."?>Titles
          cannot be conditionalized.<?oxy_comment_end?> If you are writing a topic for reuse that
          will require a change in title, use the &lt;ph> element within the &lt;title> element and
          apply conditional or key attributes to that element. The following examples show how both
          approaches might be used to change the name of a product within a
          title.<codeblock>&lt;title>... &lt;ph product="...">...&lt;/ph>
&lt;ph product="...">...&lt;/ph>&lt;/title></codeblock><codeblock>&lt;title>... 
  &lt;ph conkeyref="..."/> ....&lt;/title></codeblock></li>
        <li>Do not conref entire titles. If you are writing a topic that has the same title as
          another topic, consider whether both topics should be combined into a single, normalized,
          and/or conditionalized topic. If not, add distinguishing information to the titles to help
          end users understand the difference between the two topics.</li>
      </ul></p>
    <p>Typically, the content of the &lt;title> element is rendered as the heading of the content
      and appears in the table of contents and other navigation features to assist users in locating
      the information. As a result, the title must clearly convey the content found in the topic.
      When writing titles, follow these guidelines:<ul id="ul_1n2_lfw_5g">
        <li>Make the title specific to help users distinguish it from other similar topics. </li>
        <li>Use words that accurately describe the content and that are specific, concise, and
          meaningful. Avoid headings that identify the type of information, but not the subject
          matter; for example, Introduction or Overview, without further clarifying words to
          indicate what content is introduced or what you are providing an overview about. Content
          titles not only provide clarity for the user but will assist other authors in locating
          relevant information in the repository. </li>
        <li>Use terms that the user recognizes, even if those terms do not appear in the
          product.</li>
        <li>Use industry standard and commonly used words.</li>
        <li>Use the same terms consistently in topics that cover the same subject.</li>
        <li><?oxy_comment_start author="george" timestamp="20150128T073804+0200" comment="We will check that titles do not exceed 8 words."?>Although
          it will not always be possible, try to limit the length of the title to no more than eight
          words.<?oxy_comment_end?></li>
        <li>Use plural forms of nouns unless the subject makes sense only in the singular.</li>
        <li>Avoid using acronyms and abbreviations in a title, unless they are industry
          standards.</li>
        <li>Use articles (a, an, and the) to improve readability.</li>
        <li>Use title case, capitalizing each major word in the title. Do not capitalize articles,
          coordinating conjunctions, or prepositions.</li>
      </ul></p>
    <p>In addition to these general guidelines, the following sections discuss unique considerations
      for each information type.</p>
    <section>
      <title>Titling Task Topics</title>
      <p>When titling a task topic, use an
        <?oxy_comment_start author="stefany" timestamp="20140530T143104-0600" comment="Confirm for client"?>imperative
        verb form<?oxy_comment_end?> to help users distinguish between topics that tell <i>how</i>
        to complete the task and other topics that might only provide conceptual information about
        the task.</p>
      <codeblock>&lt;task>
  &lt;title>...&lt;/title>
  ...
&lt;/task></codeblock>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Titling Troubleshooting Topics</title>
      <p>When titling a troubleshooting topic, follow these guidelines:<ul id="ul_ggm_2kv_nl">
          <li>Summarize the observable symptom that characterizes the problem you are addressing.
            You can provide additional detail in the &lt;condition> element.</li>
          <li>Be as specific as possible regarding the context of the problem.
            <?oxy_comment_start author="stefany" timestamp="20140530T150850-0600" comment="Replace for each client"?>For
            example, instead of "<i>License Not Valid</i>", indicate which type of license is not
            valid.<?oxy_comment_end?></li>
        </ul></p>
      <codeblock>Placeholder for example.</codeblock>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Titling Concept Topics</title>
      <p>When titling a concept topic, follow these guidelines:<ul id="ul_wth_dhx_sl">
          <li>Use noun phrases as a signal to users that the topic will <i>not</i> tell them how to
            complete a task.</li>
          <li>Place important words at the beginning of the title to draw the users attention, for
            example, Installation Guidelines, not Guidelines for  Installation.</li>
        </ul></p>
      <codeblock scale="80">&lt;concept>
  &lt;title>...&lt;/title>
  ...
&lt;/concept></codeblock>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Titling Reference Topics</title>
      <p>When titling a reference topic, follow these guidelines:<ul>
          <li>Use noun phrases as a signal to users that the topic will <i>not</i> tell them how to
            complete a task.</li>
          <li>Use the name of the referenced information in the
            title.<?oxy_comment_start author="stefany" timestamp="20140530T151432-0600" comment="Replace for each client"?>
            For example, if providing specifications for a specific board, include the name of the
            board in the title.<?oxy_comment_end?></li>
          <li>Title topics for specific categories of reference information
            consistently.<?oxy_comment_start author="stefany" timestamp="20140530T151420-0600" comment="Replace for each client"?>
            For example, include the word "cables" in all topic titles dealing with <keyword
              keyref="companyname"><?oxy_comment_end?></keyword> cables.</li>
        </ul></p>
      <codeblock>&lt;reference>
  &lt;title>...&lt;/title>
  ...
&lt;/reference></codeblock>
    </section>
    <section audience="rules">
      <title>Business Rules</title>
      <p>We restrict the title to contain only 'ph' elements and text:</p>
      <dl>
        <dlhead>
          <dthd>Rule</dthd>
          <ddhd>restrictChildrenElements</ddhd>
        </dlhead>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>parentElement</dt>
          <dd>title</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>allowedChildren</dt>
          <dd>ph</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>message</dt>
          <dd>Only "ph" is allowed within a title element.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
      <p>We will make sure that titles do not exceed 8 words and they are not left empty:</p>
      <dl>
        <dlhead>
          <dthd>Rule</dthd>
          <ddhd>restrictWords</ddhd>
        </dlhead>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>parentElement</dt>
          <dd>title</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>minWords</dt>
          <dd>1</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>maxWords</dt>
          <dd>8</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>message</dt>
          <dd>Keep titles between 1 and 8 words.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>
