<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="ShortDescriptions">
 <title>Writing Short Descriptions</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <data name="shortdesc" value="How to write short descriptions" audience="styleguide"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
 <conbody>
   <p>The &lt;shortdesc> element immediately following the &lt;title> element of a topic expands on
      the title to provide additional information about the content of the topic. The content of the
      &lt;shortdesc> element is rendered as the first paragraph of the topic. As a result, it should
      always be composed of complete sentences and form a comprehensive thought. However, as its
      name implies, the short description should be concise and to the point. Because it is meant to
      be short, the
      <?oxy_comment_start author="george" timestamp="20150128T094810+0200" comment="This is already enforced by the DTD/schema"?>&lt;shortdesc>
      element cannot contain block elements, such as paragraphs or lists<?oxy_comment_end?>,
      <?oxy_comment_start author="george" timestamp="20150128T094840+0200" comment="If needed, we can constrain this to only a list of allowed element names."?>nor
      most inline elements<?oxy_comment_end?>.<draft-comment>Discuss with the company how they
        intend to use shortdesc:<ul id="ul_uwn_xhl_j3">
          <li>Rendered as first paragraph</li>
          <li>Rollover for links </li>
          <li>Information displayed with topic titles in searches</li>
          <li>Keyword container to help raise topic in search priorities</li>
        </ul><p>In light of that decision discuss whether shortdesc can be optional or required.
          Discuss implications:<ul id="ul_ggc_23l_j3">
            <li>Requiring: end up with pointless, repetitive content with the title.</li>
            <li>Optional: inconsistent across writers which could be visible to users depending on
              how the element is rendered (if at all)</li>
          </ul></p></draft-comment></p>
   <p>
      <!--When writing short descriptions, follow these guidelines:-->
      <?oxy_comment_start author="stefany" timestamp="20140530T152106-0600" comment="If short description is not required, include this.
If you have nothing more to add, do not include a short description"?>
      <ul id="ul_dx1_kf1_5g">
        <?oxy_comment_end?>
        <li><?oxy_comment_start author="george" timestamp="20150128T095746+0200" comment="We will check this automatically."?>Do
          not simply restate the title. <?oxy_comment_end?></li>
        <li><?oxy_comment_start author="george" timestamp="20150128T100545+0200" comment="Enforced as a business rule."?>Limit
          the description to no more than 50 words<?oxy_comment_end?> in two or three
          sentences.</li>
        <li>Avoid starting the sentence with "This topic ..." or a similar structure.</li>
        <li>Do not use the short description as a lead-in sentence (for example, "To remove and
          replace the board, follow these steps:").</li>
        <li><?oxy_comment_start author="george" timestamp="20150128T101205+0200" comment="Enforced as business rule."?>Do
          not conref short descriptions<?oxy_comment_end?>. If the description of the content of a
          topic is the same as another one, consider whether the topics should be merged into one
          normalized and/or conditionalized topic.</li>
        <li><?oxy_comment_start author="george" timestamp="20150128T103009+0200" comment="Enforced as business rule."?>Avoid
          topics that contain nothing but a short description. Typically, these types of topics
          serve only as transitions between topics and are of little value to the user who is
          searching for an answer to a specific question, not reading the manual, or even a chapter,
          from cover to cover.<?oxy_comment_end?><note>For navigation purposes, you might want to
            group several topics together under a heading; instead of creating a container topic for
            that heading and a short description, use the &lt;topichead> element in your map. See
              <xref href="c_mapelements.dita#Maps"/> for more information.<draft-comment>Rephrase
              this note if they aren't requiring a shortdesc--instead of creating an empty container
              topic for that heading </draft-comment></note></li>
      </ul>
      <draft-comment>Find shortdesc examples within company content.</draft-comment>
    </p>
  <section>
   <title>Writing Short Descriptions for Tasks</title>
  <p>When writing short descriptions for tasks, include information such as:<ul>
          <li>Why users need to complete the task</li>
          <li>When users might need to complete the task</li>
          <li>Who needs to complete the task</li>
        </ul>Keep in mind that the task topic includes a &lt;context> element that can provide much
        more detail about these items than you should include within the short description. If you
        find you need more than two sentences to describe this information, include it in
        &lt;context> instead.</p>
 
    <codeblock>&lt;task>
  &lt;title>... &lt;/title>
  &lt;shortdesc>...
  &lt;/shortdesc>
&lt;/task></codeblock>
  </section>
    <section>
      <title>Writing Short Descriptions for Troubleshooting</title>
      <p>When writing short descriptions for troubleshooting topics, include information such as:<ul
          id="ul_ak4_cpg_dn">
          <li>The observable symptoms of the problem being addressed </li>
          <li>When the problem might occur</li>
          <li>Who can fix the issue</li>
        </ul>Keep in mind that the troubleshooting topic includes a &lt;condition> element that can
        provide much more detail about these items than you should include within the short
        description. If you find you need more than two sentences to describe this information,
        include it in &lt;condition> instead.</p>
      <codeblock scale="80">&lt;troubleshooting>
  &lt;title>...&lt;/title>
  &lt;shortdesc>...
  &lt;/shortdesc>
&lt;/troubleshooting></codeblock>
    </section>
  <section>
   <title>Writing Short Descriptions for Concepts</title>
   <p>When writing short descriptions for concepts, include information such as:<ul>
          <li>A summary of the main point of the content</li>
          <li>Why this information is important to understand</li>
        </ul></p>
    <codeblock>&lt;concept>
  &lt;title>...&lt;/title>
  &lt;shortdesc>...&lt;/shortdesc>
&lt;/concept></codeblock>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Writing Short Descriptions for References</title>
   <p>When writing short descriptions for references, include information such as:<ul>
          <li>What the reference item does, what it is, or what it is used for</li>
          <li>The specific type of information provided for each referenced item</li>
        </ul></p>
   <codeblock>&lt;concept>
  &lt;title>...&lt;/title>
  &lt;shortdesc>... 
  &lt;/shortdesc>
&lt;/concept></codeblock>
  </section>
    <section audience="rules">
      <title>Business Rules</title>
      <p>We can check to see that the content of the short description does not repeat the
        title:</p>
      <dl>
        <dlhead>
          <dthd>Rule</dthd>
          <ddhd>avoidDuplicateContent</ddhd>
        </dlhead>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>matchElement</dt>
          <dd>shortdesc</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>targetElement</dt>
          <dd>title</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>message</dt>
          <dd>Do not just restate the title in the short description.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
      <p>We will check to have no more that 50 words in a short description:</p>
      <dl>
        <dlhead>
          <dthd>Rule</dthd>
          <ddhd>restrictWords</ddhd>
        </dlhead>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>parentElement</dt>
          <dd>shortdesc</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>minWords</dt>
          <dd>1</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>maxWords</dt>
          <dd>50</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>message</dt>
          <dd>Keep short descriptions between 1 and 50 words!</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
      <p>We will check to make sure we do not conref short descriptions:</p>
      <dl>
        <dlhead>
          <dthd>Rule</dthd>
          <ddhd>avoidAttributeInElement</ddhd>
        </dlhead>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>element</dt>
          <dd>shortdesc</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>attribute</dt>
          <dd>conref</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>message</dt>
          <dd>Short descriptions content should not be referred though content references.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
      <dl>
        <dlhead>
          <dthd>Rule</dthd>
          <ddhd>avoidAttributeInElement</ddhd>
        </dlhead>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>element</dt>
          <dd>shortdesc</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>attribute</dt>
          <dd>conkeyref</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>message</dt>
          <dd>Short descriptions content should not be referred though content references.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
      <p>We can check to see that there is more content after short description.</p>
      <dl>
        <dlhead>
          <dthd>Rule</dthd>
          <ddhd>requireContentAfterElement</ddhd>
        </dlhead>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>element</dt>
          <dd>shortdesc</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>message</dt>
          <dd>Avoid topics that contain nothing but a short description.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
